docs(scaffold): add a Logos Scaffold section for the module (#442)
status-im/ift-docs: docs/scaffold/get-started/develop-a-logos-module-with-logos-scaffold.md

- A graphical environment. Basecamp is a desktop application.

## What to expect

- You can install Logos Scaffold and prepare a module project for Basecamp.
- You can build your module and install it into isolated Basecamp profiles.
- You can apply a source change and see it in a running Basecamp.
- You can run two Basecamp instances at once and exercise peer-to-peer features between them.

## Step 1: Install Logos Scaffold

1. Clone the repository and install both binaries:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/logos-co/scaffold.git
   cd scaffold
   cargo install --path .
   ```

   This installs `logos-scaffold` and its shorter alias `lgs`. They are functionally identical; this guide uses `lgs`.

1. Confirm the install and check the environment:

   ```bash
   lgs --version
   lgs doctor
   ```

:::tip
`lgs completions bash` and `lgs completions zsh` print shell completion scripts that cover both binary names. Each subcommand also documents copy-paste examples under `--help`.
:::

## Step 2: Prepare the module project

Run these commands from the root of your module project.

1. Create `scaffold.toml` if the project does not have one:

   ```bash
   lgs init
   ```

>    `init` writes `scaffold.toml`, creates `.scaffold/`, and appends `.scaffold` to `.gitignore`. Run it once per project. If the project already has a `scaffold.toml` from an older schema, `init` migrates it in place and leaves a `scaffold.toml.bak` next to it.

Author: `init` has three more side effects worth documenting, because they land in the user's repo and are **not** covered by the `.scaffold` gitignore entry.

Running `lgs init` in a fresh git repo (scaffold @ `7c2578d`):

```
$ lgs init
scaffold.toml created at /.../scaffold.toml. Run 'lgs setup' to clone LEZ and build dependencies.
AI skills installed under .claude/skills/, .cursor/rules/, and AGENTS.md.

$ ls -a
.claude  .cursor  .git  .gitignore  .scaffold  AGENTS.md  scaffold.toml
```

So beyond the three things this paragraph lists, `init` also writes `.claude/skills/`, `.cursor/rules/`, and a top-level `AGENTS.md`. Only `.scaffold` gets appended to `.gitignore`, so on the next `git add -A` all three get committed — which matters given the page later tells readers to run exactly that (line 218, the git-tracking warning).

Re-running `init` refreshes them rather than leaving them alone (`AI skills refreshed under .claude/skills/, .cursor/rules/, AGENTS.md.`), so a project that deletes them gets them back on the next `init`.

Both other claims in this paragraph check out exactly: I confirmed the `.gitignore` append, and the migration path writes `scaffold.toml.bak` and prints the schema diff.

```suggestion
   `init` writes `scaffold.toml`, creates `.scaffold/`, and appends `.scaffold` to `.gitignore`. It also installs AI-assistant scaffolding into the project — `.claude/skills/`, `.cursor/rules/`, and a top-level `AGENTS.md` — which are **not** gitignored, so decide whether to commit or ignore them before your next `git add -A`. Run it once per project; re-running refreshes the assistant files. If the project already has a `scaffold.toml` from an older schema, `init` migrates it in place and leaves a `scaffold.toml.bak` next to it.
```

   ```

   Each source is built through Nix and installed with `lgpm`. Output goes to a timestamped log under `.scaffold/logs/`; pass `--print-output` to stream the Nix output to your terminal instead.

1. Check that the installed state matches what the project captured:

   ```bash
   lgs basecamp doctor
   ```

   `doctor` reports the captured module set, the manifest variant each profile resolves, and any drift between `[modules]` in `scaffold.toml` and what is actually installed. Drift means you changed the table or the sources without reinstalling.

## Step 4: Launch Basecamp

1. Start a profile:

   ```bash
   lgs basecamp launch alice
   ```

   `launch` performs four steps in order: it kills any leftover processes for that profile, removes the profile's state, replays the install of every captured module, and then starts Basecamp with the profile's environment.

1. Confirm your module appears in the Basecamp window and behaves as expected.

   To keep a copy of the window's output, add `--log-file`. Bare `--log-file` writes to `.scaffold/basecamp/profiles/<profile>/basecamp.log` and still tees to your terminal; `--log-file=PATH` picks the file.

:::warning

> The scrub in step 3 is deliberate: every launch starts from a clean profile, so identity keys, conversations, and any other in-app state are discarded. That is what makes runs reproducible. If you need state that survives a restart, run Basecamp yourself against a fixed base directory as described in [Step 6](#step-6-run-two-instances-side-by-side).

Author: Off-by-one, and the numbering collides with the page's own `## Step N` headings.

Line 130 lists `launch`'s four moves in order: (1) kills leftover processes, (2) **removes the profile's state**, (3) replays the install, (4) starts Basecamp. The scrub is the second, not the third — the third is the reinstall. I confirmed the real order in `src/commands/basecamp.rs`, which runs `kill_process_tree` → `seed_profiles` → `scrub_profile_data_and_cache` → `seed_profiles` → `install_sources_into_profiles` → launch.

"step 3" also reads as a pointer to this page's `## Step 3: Build and install the module`, which contains no scrub at all — so naming the move is clearer than numbering it:

```suggestion
The state removal above is deliberate: every launch starts from a clean profile, so identity keys, conversations, and any other in-app state are discarded. That is what makes runs reproducible. If you need state that survives a restart, run Basecamp yourself against a fixed base directory as described in [Step 6](#step-6-run-two-instances-side-by-side).
```
